Crypto Voice Module Configuration

When the Crypto Voice Module is first powered on, configuration files are
copied from the SD card into system memory. There are two primary configuration
files uses by the Crypto Voice Module:

* crypto.ini
* asound.state

asound.state is used by the system to manage sound card state and is saved
when the headset or radio volume settings are adjusted.

crypto.ini is used by the Crypto Voice Module software to configure the
radio system. 

Changes to the in-memory configuration do not immediately take effect. The user
must explicitly apply the changes using the "Apply Current Settings" option.
This option does not write the settings to the SD card but notifies the system
that changes have been made to the system configuration. This option can be
useful to test changes before writing them to the SD card.

Because the system must be able to operate without an SD card installed in
the system, changes to the two files listed above are always made to the
in-memory configuration. Unless the user explicitly saves the settings to the SD
card, any changes will be lost the next time the system is powerd on. This
option automatically performs an "Apply Current Settings" after the settings
have been written to the SD card.

It should also go without saying, but if there is no SD card installed in the
system, attempts to save settings to the SD card will fail.

To revert changes, the "Reload Settings from SD Card" option will reload the
configuration files from the SD card. Any changes not written to the SD card
will be lost. This option implicitly performs an "Apply Current Settings" after
the settings have been loaded form the SD card.

The crypto.ini File

There is a crypto.ini file burned into the system firmware that has a default
value for each configuration item supported by the system. Then a separate
user-specific crypto.ini file is loaded from the SD card, and settings
contained in that file (which can be configured by this utility or by hand)
override the default values burned into the firmware. To revert back to using
the default value for a setting burned into the firmware, select the "Default"
option. This will remove the value from the user-specific crypto.ini file,
and the system will go back to using the default setting.

Shell Access

The Shell provides low-level access to the operating system and system services.
It is primarily a developer tool. Up until now it has been a "hidden" feature
now made available in this Configuration Utility.

The entire system runs entirely from memory, so it is generally not possible to
damage the system in a way that cannot be repaired by simply power-cycling it.
However it is possible to make the system inoperable in such a way that
power-cyling it is necessary to restore function.

Because this feature provides low-level access to the system, it is possible
to use this feature to display the encryption key on the screen. If this is
an unacceptable risk, the "hdmi_blanking" configuration setting in the
Raspberry Pi firmware configuration file (config.txt file on the SD card)
can be set to "2" which will disable the HDMI port. See here:
https://github.com/raspberrypi/firmware/issues/352#issuecomment-169455388

You would then need to provide the user with a Crypto Voice Module with the
SD card removed so they would be unable to change that setting and restart the
system.

If you are an advanced user, you can use the Login Shell to create a password
for the root user (or disable the root account) and save the /etc/shadow file
to the SD card as config/shadow. The system will attempt to copy that file
to /etc/shadow at start-up. However you would still need to provide the user
with a Crypto Voice Module with the SD card removed, and you would need to
trust there is no way to "jailbreak" the Configuration Utility (I'm not aware of
one, but that doesn't mean it doesn't exist).

Alternately, fill all unused ports with a non-conductive epoxy so they cannot
physically be used, thus preventing a user from connecting a keyboard and
monitor to the system.

But as a general rule, it should be assumed that if someone has access to a
Crypto Voice Module which is powered on and/or has the SD card installed, they
can gain access to the encryption key. The intended "fast wipe" method is:

1) Provide a user with a fully powered on Crypto Voice Module with the SD card
   removed
2) Instruct the user to physically disconnect power to the Crypto Voice Module
   to wipe the key